OSDOCS#13788: Added info for cache and workspace directories in oc-mirror doc (#97093)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-about-cache-and-workspace-dirs.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected-v2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oc-mirror-about-cache-and-workspace-dirs_{context}"]
= About the --cache-dir and --workspace flags

> You can use the `--cache-dir` flag to specify a directory for storing a persistent cache of image metadata, manifests, and the history of previous mirroring operations. You can use this cache directory to perform incremental mirroring and avoid remirroring unchanged images. 

Reviewer: @sr1kar99 - the section "_and the history of previous mirroring operations_" , could you maybe just remove this altogether , its not really  history we store. We store all image blobs, and manifests

If you delete or corrupt the cache directory, you lose the history needed for incremental mirroring, which can force a full remirror or cause failures.

> You can use the `--workspace` flag to specify a directory for storing the working files that are created during a mirroring operation, such as the `ImageSetConfiguration` state and `ImageContentSourcePolicy` manifests. You can use this workspace directory to apply the generated configuration to clusters and repeat mirroring operations.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected-v2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oc-mirror-about-cache-and-workspace-dirs_{context}"]
= About the --cache-dir and --workspace flags

You can use the `--cache-dir` flag to specify a directory for storing a persistent cache of image blobs and manifests.

> You can use the cache directory in `disk-to-mirror` and `mirror-to-disk` workflows, but not in `mirror-to-mirror` workflows. You can also use the cache directory to perform incremental mirroring and avoid remirroring unchanged images, which saves time and reduces network bandwidth usage.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected-v2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oc-mirror-about-cache-and-workspace-dirs_{context}"]
= About the --cache-dir and --workspace flags

You can use the `--cache-dir` flag to specify a directory where the oc-mirror plugin stores a persistent cache of image blobs and manifests for use during mirroring operations.

The oc-mirror plugin uses the cache in the `disk-to-mirror` and `mirror-to-disk` workflows but does not use the cache in the `mirror-to-mirror` workflow. The plugin uses the cache to perform incremental mirroring and avoids remirroring unchanged images, which saves time and reduces network bandwidth usage.

The cache directory only contains data up to the last successful mirroring operation. If you delete or corrupt the cache directory, the oc-mirror plugin pulls the image blobs and manifests again, which can force a full remirror and increase network usage.

> // You can use the --workspace flag to specify a directory where the oc-mirror plugin stores the working files it creates during a mirroring operation, such as the ImageDigestMirrorSet and ImageTagMirrorSet manifests.

Reviewer 2: Delete this comment if it's not going to be included in the file. Is a future addition for this line planned?

* Store the untarred metadata for release and operator images.
* Generate tar archives for use in `disk-to-mirror` workflows.
* Apply the generated configuration to clusters.
* Repeat or resume previous mirroring operations.

If you remove or modify the workspace directory, future mirroring operations might fail, or clusters may use inconsistent image sources.

[WARNING]
====
Deleting or modifying the contents of cache or workspace directories can cause the following issues:

* Failed or incomplete mirroring operations.
* Loss of incremental mirroring data.
* Full remirroring requirements and increased network overhead.

Do not modify, relocate, or delete these directories unless you fully understand the impact. You must regularly back up the cache directory after successful mirroring operations. It is not necessary to back up the workspace directory because its contents are regenerated during each mirroring cycle.
====

> The following best practices help you manage the cache and workspace directories effectively:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider the following best practices so that you can better manage the cache and workspace directories effectively:
```

Reviewer 2: This removes anthrophomorphism.

* Use persistent storage: Place the cache and workspace directories on reliable and backed‑up storage.
* Back up after successful operations: Regularly back up the cache directory, especially after completing a mirroring cycle.
* Restore when needed: In case of data loss, restore the cache and workspace directories from backup to resume mirroring operations without performing a full remirror.
* Separate environments: Use dedicated directories for different environments to prevent conflicts.

.Using cache and workspace directories
====

> Specify the cache and workspace directories by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: Technically this is two items in the same code block. The heading might not be supported for DITA migration tasks. Consider a lead-in sentence for the example, put the code in it's own codeblock, and the output dir structure in its own directory structure.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
